# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 66ms]
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
  [gap of 22ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 116ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 123ms
  [gap of 82ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 205ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 27ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 24ms
    create-X86_64-model 21ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 13ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 23ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 23ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 250ms
  [gap of 35ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 286ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 21ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-variant-model 15ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 41ms
    create-X86_64-model 35ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 29ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 24ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 20ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 316ms
  [gap of 80ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 399ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 41ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 31ms]
    create-X86-model 18ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 110ms
  [gap of 23ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 135ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 36ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 118ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 150ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 25ms
    create-variant-model 45ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 185ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 189ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 107ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 139ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 67ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 71ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 43ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 110ms
  [gap of 25ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 135ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 76ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 87ms
  [gap of 36ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 123ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 78ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
  [gap of 25ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 114ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 58ms
  [gap of 22ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 37ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
  [gap of 26ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 118ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 49ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 123ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 162ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 80ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 91ms
  [gap of 29ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 121ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-X86_64-model 27ms
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 135ms
  [gap of 29ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 165ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 36ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 138ms
  [gap of 27ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 165ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 120ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 150ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 10ms
    create-module-model completed in 23ms
    create-variant-model 80ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 24ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 295ms
  [gap of 46ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 343ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-variant-model 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 11ms]
      create-cmake-model 57ms
    create-module-model completed in 71ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 42ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 271ms
  [gap of 44ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 317ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 13ms]
      create-cmake-model 47ms
      [gap of 33ms]
    create-module-model completed in 93ms
    create-variant-model 37ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 20ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 12ms
      [gap of 16ms]
    create-module-model completed in 28ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 56ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 344ms
  [gap of 71ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 415ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 41ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 131ms
  [gap of 41ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 173ms

